Framework doc updates (#768)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/_docs/framework/capabilities/optimize/architecting.md

- **Utilize Azure Well-Architected Review:** Conduct Azure [Well-Architected Reviews](https://learn.microsoft.com/assessments/azure-architecture-review/) for workloads deployed in Azure. Evaluate workloads against the five pillars of WAF to identify areas for improvement.

> - **Implement cost management practices:** Review and incorporate CAF's [cost management practices](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/get-started/manage-costs) into architectural designs, such as right-sizing resources, [leveraging reserved instances](docs/_docs/framework/capabilities/optimize/rate-optimization.md), and implementing cost allocation mechanisms. Use Azure Cost Management + Billing to monitor and optimize costs.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Implement cost management practices:** Review and incorporate CAF's [cost management practices](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/get-started/manage-costs) into architectural designs, such as right-sizing resources, [leveraging reserved instances](docs/_docs/framework/capabilities/optimize/rates.md), and implementing cost allocation mechanisms. Use Azure Cost Management + Billing to monitor and optimize costs.
```
